menu "Driver"
menu "Generic Driver Settings"
	config INSTANCE_NAME
		bool "Instance Name Support"
		default n
		help
			Support Print Instance Name. Each Driver Add a Uniqe Instance Name. 
	config USE_STATIC
		bool "Use FreeRTOS Static Function"
		depends on SUPPORT_STATIC_ALLOCATION
		default y
	config GEN_VERSION
		bool "Generated Version"
		default n
		help
			Generated Version Strings for all Subssystems
			
			Strings are defined in hal.h

			versionDriver: Driver git Version
			versionMach: Mach git Version
			versionArch: Arch git Version
			versionKernel: Kernel git Version

endmenu
source driver/gcc/Kconfig
source driver/gpio/Kconfig
source driver/uart/Kconfig
source driver/newlib/Kconfig
source driver/buffer/Kconfig
source driver/spi/Kconfig
source driver/sensor/Kconfig
source driver/adc/Kconfig
source driver/power/Kconfig
source driver/timer/Kconfig
source driver/pwm/Kconfig
source driver/capture/Kconfig
source driver/example/Kconfig
source driver/nlibc/Kconfig
source driver/sd/Kconfig
source driver/mailbox/Kconfig
source driver/remoteproc/Kconfig
source driver/net/Kconfig
source driver/counter/Kconfig
source driver/rtc/Kconfig
source driver/can/Kconfig
source driver/i2c/Kconfig
config CACHE
	bool
	help
		Cache Subsystem Support
endmenu
